cuddles trying to get this match started
this referee Rob Tuttle trying to get a
lot of things started in his life
that's another story for another day
folks all the competitors have been
announced you do not want to miss the
sixth annual iron eighth championship
next week we will announce who will be
facing blue in the opening round
the Portuguese Prince is showing off
right here is definitely Rob Tuttle
calls for the Bell
listen to this crowd
the Portuguese princess Ariel has lost
the popularity contest this week here on
any CW TV
and listen to that ovation for our Lexus
Nibbana
looks like the women are going to start
this thing off
Alexus Nevaeh the former Triple W chimp
and having lost it to the Portuguese
princess who has held it now for over a
year
off the ropes Masseria down does Alexis
the van off the ropes again goes Ariel
over the top Alexis side steps or drops
of face first to the canvas
the triple W champion being consoled by
BMT
I believe PMT is tagged in and here
comes fire out
for these two had some battles before
this crab firmly behind the team of the
heat Chris pyro and Alexis Nevaeh Bauer
Noble taya PMT with side headlock
the MT cranks it up
IRA given a momento crowd behind him
chefs the empty offal and BMC will the
shoulder tackle gets the better of pyro
BMC off the ropes over the top of pyro
pyro with a nice leapfrog the MTC kids
were on against nothing but air PMT
swinging wildly and not connected with
anything and pyro jumps PMT right on his
back
BMT cannot believe he can outfox the way
he did by the heat Chris pyro
listen to the frustration on the part of
the Prince of pink
BMT wants a knuckle lock now
Marcel Marceau action here
dance a little wiggle and Tchibo right
here
EMT
trying to get a handle on this situation
oh I was think we're gonna have a
chicken fight
make it a chicken fight going here
Alexis the van on the top of Chris
Carlin BMP sure all the MT kick
interrupts p.m. teach her to get her up
I think the porky I mean the Portuguese
princess is a little too much for BMT
now now we're going to try it the other
way
Wow look at this and once again me and
Tia the Portuguese princess come up on
the short end
why are these two I would not invest in
any lottery tickets they are not having
a very good night at all
the MT gets back into break the count
BMT cuts off pyroar than me and Neffe MT
goes to work on the heat Chris pyro big
shot by PMT Layton she'll go to the
second rope right now and now the
Portuguese princess the world women's
wrestling champion goes to work on the
heat Chris pyro
Rigsby's pyro pyro over the top of PMT
be a team doesn't know where he is and
it comes Alexis de bath little traffic
jam malfunction at the junction and once
again be empty an area are coming up on
the short end
Alexis divan now looked into the quarter
his house area gets a boot right to the
face
Alexis Nevaeh heads up top set yourself
and PMT gets the worst of it
PMT got nailed right there pyro tagged
in
which expresses charges and Alexis
Nevaeh tosses it to the outside
here comes pyro pyro upstairs rolls him
up
as the cover and gets the three-count